you tired of the same old font well get
off your asterisk and change it
to highlight important info in your text
put asterisks around
any words or phrases that part will pop
in bold
for italicized text replace the
asterisks with
underscores and to get a strikethrough
put tildes at the beginning and end of
the text
use three reverse apostrophes the same
way to get a brand new nano font
or manage your fonts to improve
readability go to settings
and find the font size feature in the
chat section
choose between small medium and large
some iphones have pre-installed fonts
for the app type whatever you want
highlight the text and you'll see a
pop-up bar press the pointer on the
right
and there you go four new fonts to
choose from
to enable fingerprint security in
whatsapp go to settings and tap the
accounts button
in the privacy section find the
fingerprint lock or touch id for iphones
there now only you can read your
conversations
if you're hiding from someone you can
get rid of that last cnet mark in the
privacy settings as well
but if you hide yours you won't be able
to see others
last seen time either if you're in a
group chat and tired of getting random
pictures and videos
go to any group settings tap the media
visibility button and choose no
whatsapp has temporary stories just like
instagram
and you can hide yours from certain
contacts too go to privacy settings
tap the status button and choose who you
want to share your stories with
sometimes you run out of data because
you're being sent too much media in the
app
restrict auto downloading of photos
audios videos and documents in the data
and storage using section
switch them all over to wi-fi only
if you don't want those blue message red
ticks giving you away
disable them in the privacy settings
again if you turn yours off
you won't see others as well whatsapp
knows who you talk to the most
go back to your data and storage usage
and open storage usage
at the very bottom your favorite chat
buddy will be first on the list okay
you're meeting up with some friends and
you just can't find each other in the
crowd
share your live location with your
contacts it'll be updated in real time
and can be shared for 15 minutes one
hour or even
eight hours straight go to the
notification section and choose
different sounds for your contacts and
groups
see now you'll be able to tell if that's
just aunt tilda sending cat gifs to your
family group again
and if you're tired of those chats just
mute them
in the group settings on iphones you can
even choose how long you want it to stay
mute
eight hours one week or if you are
really tired
up to one year now if you're a champion
whatsapper and scrolling down
in search of the chat you need gets
tedious pin the most important ones on
top
for iphones swipe right on the chat and
tap on the thumbtack that appears
for android hold down the chat and a
menu bar will appear at the top of the
screen
the pin is up there one more function
you'll find while swiping right
is marquez unread it's handy when you
don't have time to reply now
but you don't want to forget to do it
later for android
hold the chat again and press the three
dots in the top right corner
the mark as unread button will be in the
drop down menu
back up your whatsapp data on the cloud
it's under the chat
section in the settings now when you
click on
chat backup you can turn on the auto
backup and set it for daily
weekly or once a month to find out how
long someone's been ignoring you
swipe the blue ticked message to the
left if you're on an iphone
for androids yep gotta press and hold
the message to bring up the three dot
menu at the top
it'll be under info now you can see when
the message was delivered
and when it was read too if you swipe
the other way to the right on iphones
you can reply to that specific message
in your conversation
same works for androids too hey siri
read my last whatsapp message
hey siri send a whatsapp message to
michael tell him to grab me a pizza
yup your trusted iphone 8 can work the
app for you too
whatsapp video calling used to allow
four people max
now it's eight you can fit and tilde
this time
or maybe not another perk for ios users
if anyone puts a date in the chat
whatsapp automatically
underlines it on an iphone tap the
underlined date
and add it to your calendar you can also
transfer almost any file from your pc to
the phone
and vice versa through the app just open
whatsapp web on your computer
no need to log in all you do is scan the
qr code with your phone
your conversations will immediately show
up on the web page
you just can't send any files over 100
megabytes
maybe you want an extra copy of a chat
go to the contacts info export chat and
choose whether you want the media
attached to it or not
save it to the files or export via skype
email
or any option that pops up even if you
stop
using your current phone number you can
still keep your whatsapp
account go to settings account and tap
the change
number section there now your friends
will still be able to contact you
even if you have new digits
switch to dark mode on an android go to
settings and then chats
under display it'll let you select dark
theme
you can hide specific chats without
deleting them all together
just archive it press the chat and
select archive for
androids for iphones swipe left on the
chat to see the archive button
whenever you want it back to the main
feed swipe down on your main chat
page the archive chats button will pop
up at the top
swipe left and tap unarchive
whatsapp lets you delete messages you
just sent
it can only be deleted within one hour
after you sent it
and if the other person quoted you
before you realize you shouldn't have
sent that message
you'll have zero luck quoted messages
can't be unset
don't let people around you hear your
voice messages the earpiece actually
works for these recordings
just like it would for a phone call when
you're about to listen to a voice
message
bring the phone to your ear and enjoy
your privacy
you can hide your profile pic from
anyone go to your account settings
choose privacy and select profile photo
you can hide it from anyone who isn't a
contact or even from everyone entirely
okay let's say you're throwing a party
but inviting
everyone via a group chat is kind of
weird especially if you don't want to
invite a couple of people
in that group like wendell send a
private message to all the people you
want to be there
to save time go to broadcast list in the
chat section
choose the recipients and send the
message like normal
now if you have too many unread messages
you can quickly clear the count without
opening and reading all of them
press the edit button in the top left
corner and select read all
now clearing and deleting all chats are
two different things
clearing just erases all the stuff
inside the chat will still be in your
main feed
deleting the chats gets them off the
main page
if you accidentally deleted or cleared
hopefully you backed up ahead of time so
you can restore them
hey where'd matilda go i'm ready to
dance